i've got a couple interesting stories to
tell you about here is one that was
written about in scientific american
that says the age-old idea that men and
women
can just be friends assuming that
they're both heterosexual in this case
appears to be not true
this is fascinating they did it the
uh... the study
where they brought in eighty eight pairs
of undergraduate opposite sex friends
into a science lab
and they followed standard protocol as
far as
anonymity confidentiality and cetera but
also got people to agree verbally and in
front of each other that they've were
going to discuss the study they were
going to talk about what they said to
the researchers
amongst themselves after leaving the
testing facility
what they tested was presumably you were
just friends and they separated the the
op and then that the man in the woman
they said okay
tell me do you have any how attractive
you find your friend to be
how attractive do you think your friend
defines you to be how interested in
pursuing a relationship with your friend
are you
what you think they found
you you tell me ok the results show that
there is a huge gender difference
the women
did not find on the whole the meant to
be particularly attractive
and had absolutely no inkling that they
would ever have a romantic relationship
with them that however
the men
number one
down the women attractive number two
had a much higher
estimation of how attractive the women
found them to be and also indicated then
i would actually be into having a
romantic relationship uh... with this
woman
so the resulting really seemed to
indicate that
men have the harder time being just
friends whereas for women it really
appears to be much more straightforward
to be just friends but in my guest to it
would it be a
just from what i've observed
i've always thought this i've had
conversations with a number of different
uh... of women
where uh... they'll say opal
such-and-such is just a friend
and also i'm not denying that your
you're actually just friends but if
given the opportunity he would be
interested in a romantic relationship
with you and they say now no no no
absolutely not you have no idea what our
friendship is like a prejudice different
that he would never be interested in
that and the research more and more
seems to indicate yes he would it's just
that you wouldn't be interested
and he thinks that
she would be
right in new york both both uh...
parties are delusional buildings that we
both knew the women assume the net are
interested in them the medicine the
women deep down are interested in them
and they both seem to be completely
robert